README.md, before:

# zeldaPlay

[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-purple.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)
[![MIT license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jmcdo29/zeldaPlay.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jmcdo29/zeldaPlay)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/jmcdo29/zeldaPlay/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/jmcdo29/zeldaPlay)
[![tested with jest](https://img.shields.io/badge/tested_with-jest-99424f.svg)](https://github.com/facebook/jest)
[![Known Vulnerabilities](https://snyk.io/test/github/jmcdo29/zeldaPlay/badge.svg?targetFile=package.json)](https://snyk.io/test/github/jmcdo29/zeldaPlay?targetFile=package.json)
[![Gitter chat](https://badges.gitter.im/jmcdo29/zeldaPlay.png)](https://gitter.im/zeldaPlay/Lobby "Gitter chat")

---

For current QA test cases and future developments you can check out the [ZenHub Board here](https://app.zenhub.com/workspace/o/jmcdo29/zeldaplay/boards).

---

A web application in progress for a home brew D20 character tracker. Built in Angular 2+ and Node.js and hosted on Heroku in separate instances

In the end, this application will be able to help track your character, make basic dice rolls for you, and allow you to digitally save multiple characters for ease of access.

## Character Structure

### General

- Name
- Race
- Subrace
- Size
- Level

### Attribute

- Strength
- Dexterity
- Constitution
- Intelligence
- Wisdom
- Charisma
- Health Points
- Magic Points
- Experience

### Adventure Related

- Notes
- Magic Skills
- Skills
- Weapon Skills
- Spells
- Weapons
- Saving Throws
- Custom Crafts and Professions

### To Be Added

- Inventory
- Armor
- AC
- Flat-Footed AC
- Touch AC

---

## Race Guide

### Hylian

Fighter Class

Hylians are the most common race of Hyrule. Players who chose to play a Hylian will more than likely follow the Goddess Hylia and come from a normal background. Most Hylians are soldiers or farm/ranch hands, though a select few have been known to be chosen in the past for special training from the Sheikah tribe, learning the ways of the assassin and the art of stealth.

Those who are soldiers will have a bonus to using a sword and shield combo, and will be known to be on the front line of the battle, not wavering in the face of danger, and ready to fight for their kingdom and Goddess.

Those who are farm hands are more likely to be hospitable to those who visit their homes and are usually considered friendlier in general. These Hylians, while kind, are also known to be strong, durable, and very headstrong. Hylians of the farm hand background will be skilled in unarmed combat, as herding goats can really be a workout. Along with the unarmed bonus, farm hands are also trained to use swords in the case of being called upon by the militia.

The few select Hylians who the Sheikah have deemed worthy of training are very withdrawn and reserved. They seem to always have their eyes out for those who are untrustworthy. These Hylians speak seldom and when they do, it is usually a warning. Those trained by the Sheikah are skilled in stealth combat, meaning they have a bonus when using daggers or swords.

### Goron

Barbarian/Tank Class

The Gorons are a very prideful and territorial race. Their physical appearance is reminiscent of the boulders that surround them, and they have before been compared to large rocks and overgrown sentient sweet potatoes. They are the proud guardians of The Goron Mines and make their home in the recesses of Death Mountain. Gorons are very strong by nature, but they do not grasp the concept of their own strength. What the Goron see as a congratulatory pat on the back, a grown Hylian will feel as if they just lost a bar fight against four men. The Gorons, while of great physical stature, unfortunately do not show the same strengths in intelligence. Also, while they do normally have a grasp on their current state of affairs, most Gorons do not take interest in the affairs of other races, unless it affects them directly. In times of great distress, the Goron race has been known to shut themselves in the mountain, not letting a word out about what is going on while the mountain rages on. It is in these times that the Gorons' pride shows and it becomes obvious how much they distrust outsiders, until they have proven their strength and loyalty. In combat, a Goron usually does not use weapons, but instead punches their enemies or curls up into a boulder and rolls towards them, though if a Goron is to use a weapon, a large hammer is normally preferred. In personality, Gorons love to make new friends, dance to their music, eat, and generally have a good time. They can often be heard calling each other "Bruddah" or "Brother" and a strong feeling of camaraderie and an unbreakable bond of friendship can often be found amongst them.

### Zora

Ranger Class (Magic and Ranged User)

The scaled swimmers of Hyrule. The aquatic humanoids are the most graceful of all races, their movements looking choreographed as if every decision had been planned out. Next to the Fairies, the Zora are the most intelligent race, always acting calmly and thinking about their decisions. The Zora never rush fully into an action that will effect their race adversely, and will rather discuss amongst their leaders what course of action they should take. Most of the Zora around Hyrule are of the River variety while Ocean and Swamp Zora do exist as well. The River Zora tend to follow the ideals of a monarchy while the Ocean Zora are happy with their democracy like communities. However, the most unruly of the Zora are the Swamp type, seeming to keep closer to an anarchy style of living. However, no matter what variety you come across, you can almost always find a Zora wielding its spear or "throwing" its boomerang like fins towards its enemies.

### Sheikah

Rogue/Assassin

They are spoken of only in legends about the Royal Family. No one really knows when the Sheikah came into existence, only that they have been the guardians of the Royal Family, and it is thought that they had been given instruction from the Goddess Hylia herself. Naturally, the Sheikah are never seen, and when one makes an appearance it is a rather great deal. Being masters in all arts of stealth and stealth combat, the Sheikah are one of the deadliest races, and if an enemy is to see a Sheikah, they know their life is about to end. Rumors have it that all Sheikah are known to have white hair, red eyes, and tattoos of their clan's symbol around one of their eyes. In combat, it is said that the Sheikah are deadly quick, throwing daggers within seconds with pin\*point accuracy, or spearing their enemies with a naginata without a second thought. They are cold blooded killers of very few words, but when they speak, it would be wise to listen to what they have to say.

### Rito

Ranger (Bow/Range)

The feathered flying race. These bird like humanoids are known to be carefree as they soar on the winds, forgetting about the problem that trouble the world below. They are a prideful and arrogant race and are known to be the best sharpshooters amongst all races, their skills even surpassing that of trained archers of the army and the skills of passed heroes of Hyrule. The Rito do not take after one species, but all species of birds of prey: spanning from looking like eagles, to owls, kites, to falcons. Most of the time, the Rito do not trouble themselves with the concern of others, as if there is a problem on the ground they can just ignore it and stay in the skies. In battle, a Rito will almost always be on the back lines, firing arrows from a distance and raining death on their enemies. Outside of combat, the Rito are a peaceful race that will get along with others, but would rather be left alone to their on devices.

### Gerudo

Monk

The all female race of Hyrule. The cut throat, don't get in my way, headstrong women that rule the desert. These women have dark, sunkist skin, sometimes with an olive tint, fiery red hair, sharp bird like noses, and amber colored eyes. Their city is heavily guarded and watched to ensure no men are allowed entry. Every 100 or so years, a lone male Gerudo is born, and is trained and raised to be their king. Until this time comes, a female is the chief of the tribe and the role of leader is passed from mother to daughter as she comes of age. While the tribe consists of only women, many adventurers have made fools of themselves in attempts to steal Gerudo treasure or to sneak into the town; most of the time these adventurers end up running with tails between their legs and stories of what seem to be nightmares. The Gerudo will acknowledge formidable warriors and will often even allow trade amongst them, but only outside of the city walls. The weapons of choice for the Gerudo consist of long swords, specifically scimitars, and pole arms, specifically halberds. These women are known to be in your face at the start of combat and their movements almost look like those of a dance. Some Gerudo are capable of magic, and when this arises, the magic is normally of the lightning persuasion. While most Gerudo do stay within the confines of their town and the desert, some go off in search of a life mate. If these Gerudo do find a mate, they usually end up leaving the Gerudo town, but will end up returning in order to trade or visit some of their old friends.

### Twili

Ranger (Dual Wielder)

The unknown race of Hyrule. These shadow dwellers live in a realm dimension than every other race of Hyrule. The Twili are beings of old who longed for a cursed power, and in obtaining that power, cursed their entire race to an existence on the brink, neither in light nor darkness. What is known of the Twili is that only the very powerful are able to create a connection to the natural realm of Hyrule by using the Mirror of Twilight. In doing so, they are able to traverse between the two realms and make contact with Hylians and other races. The few Twili that have been seen have pale blue\*grey skin, sunset colored hair, and red, orange, or yellow eyes. Twili are also known to have shadowy black covering that somewhat resemble Hylian clothes. In battle the Twili have been noted to dual wield swords, or to summon other creatures of twilight to assist them in battle.

### Fairy

Mage (Wizard/Battle Mage, Healer/Cleric, Synergist/Saboteur depending on choice)

The smallest and second largest creatures of Hyrule. Fairies are known to be found all across Hyrule; however, most of the fairies found are of the common variety, small glowing orbs of light with wings. Humanoid fairies, however, are small chunks of a Great Fairy's power that has split off from the Great Fairy herself. These fairies are Great Fairies in training, working on growing their powers to one day become a Great Fairy themselves. It's hard to say what motivates a fairy, as it ranges from a thirst for power to defend itself and the ones it loves to wanting to do good for the world. The one thing that is for sure is that an adventurer can get a general idea of a fairy's motives based on its color, as the fairy's aura will likely align with the Great Fairy it spawned from. Those resonating a red hue will likely be following the path of Din, the Goddess of Power. The fairies that glow a vibrant green or gold tend to align to the path of Farore, the Goddess of Courage, giving adventurers the strength to move forward when times look bleak. Finally, the faries that pulse a shade of blue or purple believe in the path of Nayru, the Goddess of Love and Wisdom. These fairies are likely to be the healers in a group, but that doesn't mean that is all they are limited to.

---

## Angular 2+

This is an Angular 2+ SPA. Hosted on [Heroku.com](https://zeldaplay.herokuapp.com/)

---

[Contributing](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)

[License](.github/LICENSE)

[Bug Report](https://github.com/jmcdo29/zeldaPlay/issues/new?template=bug_report.md)

[Feature Request](https://github.com/jmcdo29/zeldaPlay/issues/new?template=feature_request.md)

[Code of Conduct](.github/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md)

Commit message:

Updated material table for character create. Added new linter with sonarts.

README.md, after:

# zeldaPlay

[![code style: prettier](https://img.shields.io/badge/code_style-prettier-purple.svg?style=flat)](https://github.com/prettier/prettier)

[![MIT license](http://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg)](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jmcdo29/zeldaPlay.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jmcdo29/zeldaPlay)

[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/jmcdo29/zeldaPlay/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/jmcdo29/zeldaPlay)

---

For current QA test cases and future developments you can check out the [ZenHub Board here](https://app.ze

For current QA test cases and future developments you can check out the [ZenHub Board here](https://app.zenhub.com/workspace/o/jmcdo29/zeldaplay/boards).

---

A web applicat

---

A web application in progress for a home brew D20 character tracker. Built in Angular 2+ and Node.js and h

---

For current QA test cases and future developments you can check out the make basic dice rolls for you, and allow you to digitally save multiple characte.

---

A web application in progress for a home brew D20 character tracker. Built in Angular 2+ and Node.js and hosted on Heroku in separate instances

In the end, this application will be able to help track your character, make basic dice rolls for you, and allow you to digitally save multiple characters for ease of access.

## Character Structure

### General

- Name
- Race
- Subrace
- Size
- Level

### Attribute

- Strength
- Dexterity
- Constitution
- Intelligence
- Wisdom
- Charisma
- Health Points
- Magic Points
- Experience

### Adventure Related

- Notes
- Magic Skills
- Skills
- Weapon Skills
- Spells
- Weapons
- Saving Throws
- Custom Crafts and Professions

### To Be Added

- Inventory
- Armor
- AC
- Flat-Footed AC
- Touch AC

---

## Race Guide

### Hylian

Fighter Class

Hylians are the most common race of Hyrule. Players who chose to play a Hylian will more than likely follow the Goddess Hylia and come from a normal background. Most Hylians are soldiers or farm/ranch hands, though a select few have been known to be chosen in the past for special training from the Sheikah tribe, learning the ways of the assassin and the art of stealth.

Those who are soldiers will have a bonus to using a sword and shield combo, and will be known to be on the front line of the battle, not wavering in the face of danger, and ready to fight for their kingdom and Goddess.

Those who are farm hands are more likely to be hospitable to those who visit their homes and are usually considered friendlier in general. These Hylians, while kind, are also known to be strong, durable, and very headstrong. Hylians of the farm hand background will be skilled in unarmed combat, as herding goats can really be a workout. Along with the unarmed bonus, farm hands are also trained to use swords in the case of being called upon by the militia.

The few select Hylians who the Sheikah have deemed worthy of training are very withdrawn and reserved. They seem to always have their eyes out for those who are untrustworthy. These Hylians speak seldom and when they do, it is usually a warning. Those trained by the Sheikah are skilled in stealth combat, meaning they have a bonus when using daggers or swords.

### Goron

Barbarian/Tank Class

The Gorons are a very prideful and territorial race. Their physical appearance is reminiscent of the boulders that surround them, and they have before been compared to large rocks and overgrown sentient sweet potatoes. They are the proud guardians of The Goron Mines and make their home in the recesses of Death Mountain. Gorons are very strong by nature, but they do not grasp the concept of their own strength. What the Goron see as a congratulatory pat on the back, a grown Hylian will feel as if they just lost a bar fight against four men. The Gorons, while of great physical stature, unfortunately do not show the same strengths in intelligence. Also, while they do normally have a grasp on their current state of affairs, most Gorons do not take interest in the affairs of other races, unless it affects them directly. In times of great distress, the Goron race has been known to shut themselves in the mountain, not letting a word out about what is going on while the mountain rages on. It is in these times that the Gorons' pride shows and it becomes obvious how much they distrust outsiders, until they have proven their strength and loyalty. In combat, a Goron usually does not use weapons, but instead punches their enemies or curls up into a boulder and rolls towards them, though if a Goron is to use a weapon, a large hammer is normally preferred. In personality, Gorons love to make new friends, dance to their music, eat, and generally have a good time. They can often be heard calling each other "Bruddah" or "Brother" and a strong feeling of camaraderie and an unbreakable bond of friendship can often be found amongst them.

### Zora

Ranger Class (Magic and Ranged User)

The scaled swimmers of Hyrule. The aquatic humanoids are the most graceful of all races, their movements looking choreographed as if every decision had been planned out. Next to the Fairies, the Zora are the most intelligent race, always acting calmly and thinking about their decisions. The Zora never rush fully into an action that will effect their race adversely, and will rather discuss amongst their leaders what course of action they should take. Most of the Zora around Hyrule are of the River variety while Ocean and Swamp Zora do exist as well. The River Zora tend to follow the ideals of a monarchy while the Ocean Zora are happy with their democracy like communities. However, the most unruly of the Zora are the Swamp type, seeming to keep closer to an anarchy style of living. However, no matter what variety you come across, you can almost always find a Zora wielding its spear or "throwing" its boomerang like fins towards its enemies.

### Sheikah

Rogue/Assassin

They are spoken of only in legends about the Royal Family. No one really knows when the Sheikah came into existence, only that they have been the guardians of the Royal Family, and it is thought that they had been given instruction from the Goddess Hylia herself. Naturally, the Sheikah are never seen, and when one makes an appearance it is a rather great deal. Being masters in all arts of stealth and stealth combat, the Sheikah are one of the deadliest races, and if an enemy is to see a Sheikah, they know their life is about to end. Rumors have it that all Sheikah are known to have white hair, red eyes, and tattoos of their clan's symbol around one of their eyes. In combat, it is said that the Sheikah are deadly quick, throwing daggers within seconds with pin\*point accuracy, or spearing their enemies with a naginata without a second thought. They are cold blooded killers of very few words, but when they speak, it would be wise to listen to what they have to say.

### Rito

Ranger (Bow/Range)

The feathered flying race. These bird like humanoids are known to be carefree as they soar on the winds, forgetting about the problem that trouble the world below. They are a prideful and arrogant race and are known to be the best sharpshooters amongst all races, their skills even surpassing that of trained archers of the army and the skills of passed heroes of Hyrule. The Rito do not take after one species, but all species of birds of prey: spanning from looking like eagles, to owls, kites, to falcons. Most of the time, the Rito do not trouble themselves with the concern of others, as if there is a problem on the ground they can just ignore it and stay in the skies. In battle, a Rito will almost always be on the back lines, firing arrows from a distance and raining death on their enemies. Outside of combat, the Rito are a peaceful race that will get along with others, but would rather be left alone to their on devices.

### Gerudo

Monk

The all female race of Hyrule. The cut throat, don't get in my way, headstrong women that rule the desert. These women have dark, sunkist skin, sometimes with an olive tint, fiery red hair, sharp bird like noses, and amber colored eyes. Their city is heavily guarded and watched to ensure no men are allowed entry. Every 100 or so years, a lone male Gerudo is born, and is trained and raised to be their king. Until this time comes, a female is the chief of the tribe and the role of leader is passed from mother to daughter as she comes of age. While the tribe consists of only women, many adventurers have made fools of themselves in attempts to steal Gerudo treasure or to sneak into the town; most of the time these adventurers end up running with tails between their legs and stories of what seem to be nightmares. The Gerudo will acknowledge formidable warriors and will often even allow trade amongst them, but only outside of the city walls. The weapons of choice for the Gerudo consist of long swords, specifically scimitars, and pole arms, specifically halberds. These women are known to be in your face at the start of combat and their movements almost look like those of a dance. Some Gerudo are capable of magic, and when this arises, the magic is normally of the lightning persuasion. While most Gerudo do stay within the confines of their town and the desert, some go off in search of a life mate. If these Gerudo do find a mate, they usually end up leaving the Gerudo town, but will end up returning in order to trade or visit some of their old friends.

### Twili

Ranger (Dual Wielder)

The unknown race of Hyrule. These shadow dwellers live in a realm dimension than every other race of Hyrule. The Twili are beings of old who longed for a cursed power, and in obtaining that power, cursed their entire race to an existence on the brink, neither in light nor darkness. What is known of the Twili is that only the very powerful are able to create a connection to the natural realm of Hyrule by using the Mirror of Twilight. In doing so, they are able to traverse between the two realms and make contact with Hylians and other races. The few Twili that have been seen have pale blue\*grey skin, sunset colored hair, and red, orange, or yellow eyes. Twili are also known to have shadowy black covering that somewhat resemble Hylian clothes. In battle the Twili have been noted to dual wield swords, or to summon other creatures of twilight to assist them in battle.

### Fairy

Mage (Wizard/Battle Mage, Healer/Cleric, Synergist/Saboteur depending on choice)

The smallest and second largest creatures of Hyrule. Fairies are known to be found all across Hyrule; however, most of the fairies found are of the common variety, small glowing orbs of light with wings. Humanoid fairies, however, are small chunks of a Great Fairy's power that has split off from the Great Fairy herself. These fairies are Great Fairies in training, working on growing their powers to one day become a Great Fairy themselves. It's hard to say what motivates a fairy, as it ranges from a thirst for power to defend itself and the ones it loves to wanting to do good for the world. The one thing that is for sure is that an adventurer can get a general idea of a fairy's motives based on its color, as the fairy's aura will likely align with the Great Fairy it spawned from. Those resonating a red hue will likely be following the path of Din, the Goddess of Power. The fairies that glow a vibrant green or gold tend to align to the path of Farore, the Goddess of Courage, giving adventurers the strength to move forward when times look bleak. Finally, the faries that pulse a shade of blue or purple believe in the path of Nayru, the Goddess of Love and Wisdom. These fairies are likely to be the healers in a group, but that doesn't mean that is all they are limited to.

---

## Angular 2+

This is an Angular 2+ SPA. Hosted on port](https://github.com/jmcdo29/zeldaPlay/iss

---

[Contributing](.github/CONTRIBUTING.md)

[License](.github/LICENSE)
